docs(database): restructure the RLS guide by information type (#49017)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/database/postgres/row-level-security.mdx

</Admonition>

Use the guide in three parts:

- [Understand Row Level Security](#understand-row-level-security) explains how grants and policies combine to control access.
- [Secure a table with RLS](#secure-a-table-with-rls) is the procedure to follow for every table in an exposed schema.
- [RLS reference](#rls-reference) documents the helper functions and patterns you use inside a policy expression.

Read the first section when you're deciding how to model access. Go directly to the second section when you're ready to secure a table.

## Understand Row Level Security

### What a policy does

[Policies](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createpolicy.html) are Postgres's rule engine. Each policy is attached to a table, and the policy is executed every time a table is accessed.

Think of a policy as adding a `WHERE` clause to every query. A policy like this ...

```sql
create policy "Individuals can view their own todos."
on todos for select
to authenticated
using ( (select auth.uid()) = user_id );
```

> .. translates to this whenever a user selects from the todos table:

Reviewer: Similar comment to my other PR about the use of ellipses here. At a minumum, this one is missing a period.

Not all information present in the JWT should be used in RLS policies. For instance, creating an RLS policy that relies on the `user_metadata` claim can create security issues in your application as this information can be modified by authenticated end users.

</Admonition>

Returns the JWT of the user making the request. Anything that you store in the user's `raw_app_meta_data` column or the `raw_user_meta_data` column will be accessible using this function. It's important to know the distinction between these two:

- `raw_user_meta_data` - can be updated by the authenticated user using the `supabase.auth.update()` function. It is not a good place to store authorization data.
- `raw_app_meta_data` - cannot be updated by the user, so it's a good place to store authorization data.

The `auth.jwt()` function is extremely versatile. For example, if you store some team data inside `app_metadata`, you can use it to determine whether a particular user belongs to a team. For example, if this was an array of IDs:

```sql
create policy "User is in team"
on my_table
to authenticated
using ( team_id in (select auth.jwt() -> 'app_metadata' -> 'teams'));
```

<Admonition type="caution">

> Keep in mind that a JWT is not always "fresh". In the example above, even if you remove a user from a team and update the `app_metadata` field, that will not be reflected using `auth.jwt()` until the user's JWT is refreshed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that a JWT is not always up-to-date. In the example above, even if you remove a user from a team and update the `app_metadata` field, that will not be reflected using `auth.jwt()` until the user's JWT is refreshed.
```

Having to quote "fresh" makes me think a different word choice might be better.

</Admonition>

### Bypassing Row Level Security

> Supabase provides special "Service" keys, which can be used to bypass RLS. These should never be used in the browser or exposed to customers, but they are useful for administrative tasks.

Reviewer: AFAIK, service keys are a legacy item.  If we are touching this content, it might be worth updating to the current recommendation (which I think is to use a secret key).

Author: It is important to make sure this document is up-to-date even if the Evals are not catching these specific issues. So interesting. I'll make another pass for technical relevance.
